the sectors here cap 340 am hindrances
here the shield in boxing that I was
Speaking
we entered here a kasyan nox to a table
for laptop ok at this very very table
time to pay today's prize
mainly portable voice kandoro by
over that why because al watan I
I have five heights because there was time
Chinese design forward
a drop later has the steel mesh and the e
warned
so let's think the island if you
as I think the only thing that the
people who predict the fire
with this, Jorge Breda, this trick is
boxing as you can see and review this
so I opened it and bought it
Not the other way around
store has to take as with many things
and went to a store of the tip brand technique
one of the stores I have one
Good excuse noise
so I 'm here the fight is over there
the people on the platter will
to solve something has to justify
blood is what I already said
five authors of surface frames of
mesh with gasoline says door with a
sports in these outlets
Non-Slip Rubber 2 USB Ports
open this crap
Do you want to see the rate
above all let's see what was
here goes the german
sincere is not bad at all
the third shoe leg is the material gives
to see that the material like this in a cartoon
old us who understood heights
this strong backyard of the property so that
brings us here ok we got the table had the
same note templates to everyone as
some people say passion box
We'll explain to him, he has the custom.
luxury gives the computer is here to stay
and let's see how it explains how
ride it'll take a break in the fall of
sun t know already have the ports here right
I was talking to people.
choose how you want this crown how much
You will see the sport as you can.
see and touch this
now it's like this
I think it's time for her, it's just like you
can see here has an entering so
two usb inputs what happens if I
enter here in the energy that someone was
wanting to cut your business in another
door
I was looking for a mouse and I told you
here and this one to enter the litigation that combines
in principle our sport in 40 but the
usb cable to please
in principle is this with you can see
and now I'm going to show the contents of the letter
See how you can see to spend the
portable
I was out of battery so it 's easy
you can see not get anyway
with all due respect to HUOC time that is
here below and will also always be
take the air
You can also enjoy something.
the author tells
the canopy is so is if this is the price
I was and I think it is worth right
Those girls are always like that.
the laptops on the bed
I think I think it pays to have
It fills my stomach, then I'll
on the net you see the price of
stock
You're going to stay at the door. It's impossible not to.
get fed up with price because
honestly I think it was worth it a lot
cheap and not this insecurity that has
I think I did not fall here and I came back
August 1 is great, but I think
Yes, I think it pays.
You can see you guys until you're girls.
can create a business 21
a pink
just know that being in any color
may like
I hope you have enjoyed the story of
boxing very fast as already in low light
and all this I just hope that no state
see you next time
ae